SOURCE: https://www.americanexpress.com/en-sg/benefits/the-platinum-card/access/
FETCHED: 2026-08-15

Skip to content
My Account
Cards
Travel
Insurance
Rewards
Business
Search Button
Search
Contact Us
Log In
Home
Cards
The Platinum Card
Benefits
Access
The Platinum Card
®
Travel
Dining
Access
Insurance & Protection
Membership Rewards
Live in Every Moment

 

Step into an elevated lifestyle with access to exclusive experiences and spaces with your Platinum Card. 

Experiences
Platinum Private Spaces

 

Throughout 2026, discover exclusive environments crafted for comfort, connection and unforgettable moments. 

 

Find out more through the Amex Experiences App. 

Tower Club Singapore    

 

Headed by leaders from the top echelons of the business community, the centrally located Tower Club is a premier private business club. 

 

The Platinum Card ensures access to Tower Club for you and your Supplementary Card Members.

More details

With its elegant dining facilities and delectable cuisine, expertly prepared by experienced culinary teams, Tower Club is the prime venue for a power dining experience. Enjoy complimentary access to the Members-only Tower Club Singapore:

Atlantic Dining
Ba Xian Dining
Straits Bar
Fitness Centre

To make a reservation, please contact The Platinum Concierge at 1800 392 1177 (Lifestyle).

Global Elite Tier Status
Comoclub C5 Tier​

 

From now till 31 December 2026, sign up as a Comoclub Member to unlock C5 membership tier for twelve (12) months, bypassing the usual spending requirement. 

More details

Begin your Comoclub journey with a complimentary upgrade to C5 tier that gives you access to curated experiences, limited-edition items and invitation-only events across the COMO Group and its partners.

 

Enrol through your Amex Experiences App.

Marina Bay Sands - Sands LifeStyle Prestige Membership
 

Jumpstart to Sands LifeStyle Prestige Membership – Prestige Status, without the usual prerequisite spend of S$5,000 in a calendar year. Enrolment is required.

More details

From now till 31 December 2026, unlock Prestige tier for three (3) months and receive an additional nine (9) months when you spend a minimum of S$1,500 (with effect from 10 April 2023) on eligible transactions within the first 3-month period.

Paragon Club Prestige Tier
 

Upgrade to the Paragon Club Prestige Tier, without the usual prerequisite spend of S$25,000 in a calendar year. Enrolment is required.

More details

From now till 31 December 2026, sign up as a new Paragon Club member with your unique promo code and enjoy a complimentary upgrade to the Prestige membership tier (valid for six (6) months). 

The Bicester Collection

 

Visit The Bicester Collection to discover beautifully landscaped boulevards lined with boutiques and explore collections from world-leading brands such as Acne Studios, Balmain, and many more.

More details
Lifestyle
Platinum Wine Credit

 

S$400 in statement credits per calendar year when you spend at the Platinum Wine Website, powered by Vivino. 

 

Enjoy thoughtfully selected bottles with ease using your S$400 Platinum Wine Credit, presented as two S$200 credits - one from January to June and another from July to December - each with a minimum spend of S$300. 

 

Receive an additional S$50 off your bill when you spend S$600 or more.

Regional Golf Programme

 

That hole-in-one beckons and we're giving you privileged access to green.

 

Celebrate your wins with a round of golf at over 50 local and regional golf clubs, with complimentary green fees on us whenever you bring paying companion(s). Valid till 31 December 2026.

More details

To make a booking, please contact The Platinum Concierge at 1800 392 1177 (Lifestyle).

Platinum Spa Benefit

 

Awaken your senses with an indulgent spa day, with up to 30% off à la carte spa services at some of Singapore's most luxurious spas. Soak in an oasis of calm and relax in a tranquil sanctuary, where all your worries and knots melt away. 

Find out more 
(opens new window)
Terms & Conditions

Terms and Conditions apply to all above-mentioned benefits and offers.

 

For full terms and conditions, click here. Information is accurate as of 1 Jan 2026.

Don't have a Platinum Card yet?

 

The best stories in life are written in the little moments.

Sign up now and start capturing meaningful moments with your Platinum privileges.

Learn More 
(opens new window)
GET AN AMERICAN EXPRESS CARD
Personal Cards
Corporate Cards
Credit Cards
Apply for a Supplementary Card
Refer a Friend. Earn Rewards
MORE PRODUCTS & SERVICES
Insurance
Membership Rewards Programme
Ways to Pay
Download the App
Pay Small
IMPORTANT LINKS
Card Security
Lost or Stolen Card
Activate Your Card
Frequently Asked Questions
Overseas Magnetic Stripe Usage
Payment Methods
COMPANY INFORMATION
About American Express
Careers
Contact Us
Site Map
SingaporeChange Country
Terms and ConditionsTrademarksPrivacy CentrePrivacy Statement

Copyright © 2026 American Express Company. Users of this site agree to be bound by American Express Web Site Rules and Regulations. American Express International Inc.(UEN S68FC1878J), Incorporated with limited liability in the state of Delaware, USA with a place of business at 1 Marina Boulevard, #22-00, One Marina Boulevard, Singapore 018989.