SOURCE: https://www.americanexpress.com/en-sg/campaigns/the-platinum-card/
FETCHED: 2026-08-15

Skip to content
My Account
Cards
Travel
Insurance
Rewards
Business
Search Button
Search
Contact Us
Log In

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The Platinum Card®

For New to American Express Card Members

 

Receive up to 200,000 Membership Rewards® points, enough to redeem a return flight to Los Angeles, USA*

Receive 100,000 Membership Rewards® points with annual fee payment and min. spending of S$15,000 within first 6 months of Card approval.

Receive 100,000 Membership Rewards® points on your first spend in the 15th month of Card Membership and upon annual fee payment.

 

For Existing Card Members

 

Receive up to 120,000 Membership Rewards® points, enough to redeem a return flight to Auckland, New Zealand*

Receive 60,000 Membership Rewards® points with annual fee payment and min. spending of S$15,000 within first 6 months of Card approval. 
Receive 60,000 Membership Rewards® points on your first spend in the 15th month of Card Membership and upon annual fee payment. 

 

Valid till 31 January 2027.

T&Cs apply.

 

*Redemption based on Singapore Airlines Economy Saver Awards. Membership Rewards points are transferable to your Singapore Airlines KrisFlyer account at a rate of 500 Membership Rewards points to 250 KrisFlyer miles. This information is correct as of June 2026.

 

Offer Terms and Conditions.

Card Member Agreement and Benefit Terms and Conditions.

Annual Fees, Card Type & Eligibility

Annual Fees: S$1,744 (incl. of 9% GST)

Card Type: Charge Card

Eligibility: Card application is subjected to customers meeting the regulatory minimum income requirement and internal assessment.

Apply Now 
(opens new window)

For new to American Express Card Members

Apply Now 
(opens new window)

For Existing Card Members

 

Featured Platinum Benefits

 

Travel Benefits

Roam the rare sights with airline credits, comprehensive travel insurance and access to premium airport
lounges globally.

 

Dining Benefits

Savour epicurean delights with
complimentary dining experiences for two, available every alternate month with
Table for Two by Platinum.

 

Access Benefits 

Step into the world of the refined
with members-only access to Tower Club Singapore. 

 

Membership Rewards® 

Your foreign currency spends made more rewarding with up to 7 Membership Rewards® points per S$1.60 spent on your first S$15,000 in equivalent foreign currency.

Platinum Travel

The American Express Global Lounge Collection

Elevate your travel experience before your next flight. Escape the chaos with complimentary lounge access for you, your supplementary Card Member and travel companions.

 

Be spoiled for choice with access to our growing network of over 1,550 lounges across 500 airports in 140 countries and counting.

 

Participating lounges include:

The Centurion® Lounge 
International American Express Lounges
Delta Sky Club® Lounges
Plaza Premium Airport Lounges
Priority Pass™ Lounges (Enrolment is required. Supplementary Card Holder is entitled to 4 visits and 4 guest.)

 

Guest access policies may vary internationally by location and are subject to change.

 

Complimentary One Night Stay

Begin your Platinum journey with a welcome escape and celebrate each year of continued membership with a complimentary night at a curated selection of premium hotels such as The Fullerton Hotel, St. Regis Singapore, Banyan Tree and more. Every stay is designed as a moment of appreciation, inviting you to indulge in exceptional hospitality and create lasting memories.

 

Explore the full list of participating properties at go.amex/platstay.

 

Airline Credits

Embark on your next escape on Singapore Airlines or Scoot flights and receive up to S$200 Airline Credit when you make qualifying spend in a single transaction. Valid till 31 December 2026.

 

Enrolment is required.

 

International Airline Program

Enjoy preferential fares on flight tickets with participating airlines through American Express Travel Online:

 

Singapore Airlines
Qatar Airways
Etihad Airways
Emirates

 

Bonus Membership Rewards Points with Singapore Airlines and Scoot

Go far and wide with your Platinum Card. Earn 5 Membership Rewards points for every full S$1.60 spent with Singapore Airlines or Scoot directly.

 

Fine Hotels + Resorts 

Enjoy competitive rates and complimentary benefits at over 1,600 extraordinary properties worldwide when you book through Fine Hotels + Resorts.

 

With every stay, you can look forward to:

12pm check-in, when available
Room upgrade, when available
Daily breakfast for two
US$100 credit (varies by property)
Guaranteed 4pm late check-out

 

Participating Fine Hotels + Resorts properties include hospitality brands such as:

Aman
Belmond
Relais & Châteaux
St. Regis
The Ritz-Carlton

 

The Hotel Collection

The Hotel Collection includes over 1,000 handpicked properties from trusted brands like Hyatt and Hilton Hotels. Enjoy exceptional value when you book through American Express Travel Online. Book a minimum of two-night stay and enjoy the following:

 

Room upgrade, when available
US$100 credit
12pm check-in, when available
Late check-out, when available

 

Certain room categories are not eligible for upgrade. Credit varies by property.

 

Hotel Elite Tier Status

Transform your trips into spectacular memories. Enjoy your complimentary upgraded membership tiers at our preferred partners' loyalty programmes – no minimum stay required.​ 

 

Marriott Bonvoy™ Gold Elite Status
Pan Pacific DISCOVERY Platinum Status
Hilton Honors Elite Gold Status
Radisson Rewards Premium Status

 

Enrolment is required. Visit go.amex/benefitenrol to enrol.  

 

Car Elite Tier Status

Complimentary enrolment into Hertz Gold Rewards® Five Star to enjoy special benefits such as savings, upgrades and priority service.

 

Enrolment is required. Visit go.amex/benefitenrol to enrol.  

 

Discover full benefits and its Terms & Conditions at go.amex/myplatinum. Terms & Conditions apply for all mentioned privileges.

Platinum Dining

Table for Two

Every alternate month, enjoy a complimentary premium dining experience on us with Table for Two by Platinum. This means up to six exceptional dining experiences for you and your loved ones across the year.

 

Look forward to something new every time. With each rotation, enjoy fresh menus and newly handpicked destinations, so every occasion feels distinctive. Dining experiences are thoughtfully curated to suit diverse preferences, offering three distinct categories:

 

Chic Restaurants – Indulge in exclusive, chef‑crafted set menus at stylish venues for refined occasions.
Buffets – Perfect for those who love variety, with indulgent spreads at renowned hotels.
Cafés – Relax in trendy cafés for laid‑back moments and casual catch‑ups.

 

Find out more at go.amex/amexsgtablefortwo.

 

Global Dining Credit

Satiate every craving with our curated collection of over 2,000 restaurants across more than 10 countries.

 

Available from enrolment through till 31 December 2026, enjoy S$200 in Global Dining Credits to elevate your dining journeys – unlocking unforgettable experiences across Japan, Hong Kong, Australia and beyond.

 

Enrolment is required. 

 

Love Dining by Platinum

Exclusive access to the Love Dining program and enjoy up to half the bill* on us all year round at premium dining locations curated by American Express, such as Fairmont Singapore, The Fullerton Hotel Singapore, The St. Regis Singapore, Lawry's The Prime Rib, Si Chuan Dou Hua and more. Discover the full list of dining locations at go.amex/lovedining. 

 

*Half the bill applies to 2 persons dining only. Savings are based on the number of diners and blackout dates apply. T&Cs apply.

 

Chillax by Platinum

Own the night in your own special way. Enjoy the finer things in life with a complimentary drink on us with purchase at some of the most popular contemporary bars in Singapore; from bespoke cocktails to fine whisky. Stay updated with the latest participating bar listing at go.amex/chillax.

 

Discover full benefits and its Terms & Conditions at go.amex/myplatinum. Terms & Conditions apply for all mentioned privileges.

Platinum Access

Platinum Private Spaces

Step into member-only spaces designed for comfort, connection, and memorable experiences. 

 

Enjoy complimentary access to Tower Club Singapore, including its members-only fitness center and a selection of dining venues – an exclusive space to unwind, recharge, and connect in the heart of the city.

 

Look forward to new Platinum private spaces coming your way in 2026.

 

Global Elite Tier Statuses

Experience an elevated lifestyle as you get on a fast-track for lifestyle loyalty programmes such as: 

 

Comoclub C5: enjoy a complimentary upgrade to Comoclub C5 membership tier, bypassing the usual spending requirement of S$50,000.
Marina Bay Sands’ Sands LifeStyle Prestige: jumpstart to Sands LifeStyle Membership – Prestige Status, without the usual prerequisite spend of S$5,000 in a calendar year.
Paragon Prestige: enjoy a complimentary upgrade to the Paragon Club Prestige Tier when you register your interest and sign-up as a new-to-Paragon Club member.
The Bicester Collection: receive benefits across all 9 Bicester Collection Villages in Europe.

 

Enrolment is required. 

 

Platinum Wine Credit

Enjoy thoughtfully selected bottles with ease using your S$400 Platinum Wine Credit, presented as two S$200 credits - one from January to June and another from July to December - each with a minimum spend of S$300.

 

Enrolment is required. Valid till 31 December 2026. 

 

Platinum Experiences

Stay connected to your world of Platinum privileges with the Amex Experiences App — your one-stop destination for the latest events, exclusive launches, and membership benefits. Browse, book, and manage curated experiences effortlessly, all in one place.

 

Download via go.amex/sgexpapp.

 

Regional Golf Programme

Celebrate your wins with a round of golf at over 50 local and regional golf clubs, with complimentary green fees on us whenever you bring paying companion(s). Valid till 31 December 2026.

 

Discover full benefits and its Terms & Conditions at go.amex/myplatinum. Terms & Conditions apply for all mentioned privileges.

Membership Rewards

Membership Rewards Programme

Earn 2 Membership Rewards points for every S$1.60 spent. Points do not expire and there is no limit to the points you can earn. The more you spend on your American Express Card, the higher your points balance to redeem from a wide range of rewards.

 

Enrolment is required.

 

10Xcelerator by Membership Rewards

Earn a total of 10 Membership Rewards points with every full S$1.60 eligible spend with The Platinum Card at Platinum 10Xcelerator Partners in Singapore. 

 

Earn up to an additional 10 bonus Membership Rewards points for every S$1.60 spent for the first S$16,000 cumulative spend in a calendar year at participating Platinum 10Xcelerator partners. Annual enrolment is required. Terms and Conditions apply.

 

Spending in excess of S$16,000 will continue to bring you a total of 10 Membership Rewards points for every full S$1.60 spent.

 

View the list of participating Platinum 10Xcelerator partners here. 

 

Membership Rewards points on Foreign Currency

Earn a total of 7 Membership Rewards points for every full S$1.60 spent on foreign currency for the first S$15,000 cumulative spend from February 2026 for a period of 12 months. Enrolment is required. Terms and Conditions apply.

 

More points with Member Invites

Every calendar year, you'll receive 3 Member Invites to invite your friends to The Platinum Card – unlocking the highest available offer for them if they are new to American Express.

 

The total value of your 3 Member Invites is worth 210,000 Membership Rewards points – 70,000 points for each approved friend that is new to American Express.

 

That's equivalent to 105,000 KrisFlyer miles in total, enough for a one-way flight on business class to Christchurch, New Zealand.*

 

*Redemption based on Singapore Airlines Economy Saver Awards. Membership Rewards points are transferable to your Singapore Airlines KrisFlyer account at a rate of 500 Membership Rewards points to 250 KrisFlyer miles. This information is correct as of June 2026.

 

Use Your Points Your Way

Membership Rewards points never expire, giving you the freedom to use your points whenever it suits you:​​

 

Pay with Points – Free up cash anytime, anywhere using your Membership Rewards points to cover your recent purchases with a statement credit​
Transfer Points – Transfer your Membership Rewards points to travel and hotel loyalty programs such as Singapore Airlines KrisFlyer, Hilton Honors and more​
Amex Apple Rewards Store – Upgrade to the latest Apple gadgets and choose to offset your purchase in full or partially with points​
Gift Vouchers – Redeem for eVouchers across dining, retail and grocery partners​

 

Discover more ways to use your points on the Membership Rewards page.

 

Discover full benefits and its Terms & Conditions at go.amex/myplatinum. Terms & Conditions apply for all mentioned privileges.

Platinum Service

Travel Insurance

Stay protected with comprehensive travel insurance for you, your immediate family, your supplementary Card members and their immediate family when you book travel with your Platinum Card.

 

Purchase Protection

Enjoy peace of mind against accidental theft or damage, returns or extended warranty for items purchased on your Platinum Card.

 

Global Assistance

Should you need emergency assistance while travelling, we can provide immediate personal advice over the phone:

 

Travel Emergency Assistance - Should the unforeseen happen during your travel, you will have access to emergency services such as worldwide medical and legal assistance.

Home Assist - For urgent situations around the house, we will arrange an emergency callout to assess and fix any problem.

Roadside Assist - With Roadside Assist, we offer around-the-clock help whenever you are on the road.

 

Discover full benefits and its Terms & Conditions at go.amex/myplatinum. Terms & Conditions apply for all mentioned privileges.

 

Start capturing your moments with Platinum.

 

The Platinum Card®

New to American Express Card Members 

 

Receive up to 200,000 Membership Rewards® points

 

Existing American Express Card Members 

 

Receive up to 120,000 Membership Rewards® points

 

Valid till 31 January 2027. T&Cs apply.

GET AN AMERICAN EXPRESS CARD
Personal Cards
Corporate Cards
Credit Cards
Apply for a Supplementary Card
Refer a Friend. Earn Rewards
MORE PRODUCTS & SERVICES
Insurance
Membership Rewards Programme
Ways to Pay
Download the App
Pay Small
IMPORTANT LINKS
Card Security
Lost or Stolen Card
Activate Your Card
Frequently Asked Questions
Overseas Magnetic Stripe Usage
Payment Methods
COMPANY INFORMATION
About American Express
Careers
Contact Us
Site Map
SingaporeChange Country
Terms and ConditionsTrademarksPrivacy CentrePrivacy Statement

Copyright © 2026 American Express Company. Users of this site agree to be bound by American Express Web Site Rules and Regulations. American Express International Inc.(UEN S68FC1878J), Incorporated with limited liability in the state of Delaware, USA with a place of business at 1 Marina Boulevard, #22-00, One Marina Boulevard, Singapore 018989.