SOURCE: https://www.americanexpress.com/sg/charge-cards/platinum-card/
FETCHED: 2026-08-10

Skip to content
My Account
Cards
Travel
Insurance
Rewards
Business
Search Button
Search
Contact Us
Log In
All Cards
The Platinum Card
®
The Platinum Card®
The American Express® Platinum Reserve Credit Card
The American Express® Platinum Credit Card
The American Express® Singapore Airlines KrisFlyer Ascend Credit Card
The American Express® Singapore Airlines KrisFlyer Credit Card
The American Express® Singapore Airlines PPS Club Credit Card
The American Express® Singapore Airlines Solitaire PPS Credit Card
The American Express® True Cashback Card
The American Express® Singapore Airlines Business Credit Card

The Platinum Card®

PLATINUM PRIVILEGES
Seek the Difference with Platinum
√ Unlimited access to over 1,550 airport lounges worldwide
√ Complimentary dining experience for two, available every alternate month
√ Complimentary night stay at local and overseas participating properties
√ Unlock global elite tier statuses from Marriott Bonvoy™ and local shopping malls
√ Comprehensive worldwide travel insurance for you and your immediate family for travel booked with your Card
√ 3 Member Invites – worth 210,000 Membership Rewards® points, equivalent to 105,000 KrisFlyer miles

Terms & Conditions apply for all mentioned privileges.

Scroll Down To Learn More

The Platinum Card®

Upgrade more moments with Platinum

Apply Now
Compare Card

Offer for New and Existing Card Members

Receive up to 200,000 bonus Membership Rewards® points

New to American Express Card Members^:
Receive 100,000 bonus Membership Rewards points with annual fee payment and min. spending of S$15,000 within first 6 months of Card approval, plus 100,000 bonus Membership Rewards points on your first spend in the 15th month of Card Membership. That’s equivalent to 100,000 KrisFlyer miles in total, enough to redeem a return flight to Los Angeles, USA.

Existing American Express Card Members:
Receive up to 120,000 bonus Membership Rewards points – 60,000 bonus Membership Rewards points with annual fee payment and min. spending of S$15,000 within first 6 months of Card approval, plus 60,000 bonus Membership Rewards points on your first spend in the 15th month of Card Membership. That’s equivalent to 60,000 KrisFlyer miles in total, enough to redeem a return flight to Auckland, New Zealand.

Valid until 31 January 2027. T&Cs apply.

^ New to American Express Card Members refer to applicants who have not held a basic or supplementary consumer Card from American Express in the last twenty-four (24) months.

Key Information

Card Type
Charge Card
No Interest Charges
Just pay off your balance in full each month
Annual Fee
S$1,744 (incl. of 9% GST)
Supplementary Cards
First 2 Supplementary Cards fee permanently waived.

How You Earn Membership Rewards points

210K
points worth 105K KrisFlyer miles
with Member Invites
Every calendar year, you’ll receive 3 Member Invites to invite your friends to The Platinum Card and be rewarded
10+10
points per S$1.60 spent
at Platinum 10Xcelerator Partners
On your cumulative spend of ≤S$16,000 in a calendar year. Enrolment is required.

Earn 10 Membership Rewards points for spending in excess of S$16,000.
7
points per S$1.60 spent
on foreign currency
On your first S$15,000 cumulative spend from February 2026 for a period of 12 months.
Enrolment is required.
5
points per S$1.60 spent
on flights
With Singapore Airlines and Scoot
2
points per S$1.60 spent
on all other purchases
From travel expenses to shopping and dining

Featured Benefits

Table for Two

Every alternate month, enjoy a complimentary premium dining experience on us with Table for Two by Platinum. This means up to six exceptional dining experiences for you and your loved ones across the year. With each rotation, enjoy fresh menus and newly handpicked destinations, so every occasion feels distinctive. All benefits are effortlessly trackable in your Amex Experiences App, designed to make planning seamless. Every occasion becomes an opportunity to indulge within a shared circle of privilege and elevated membership. Find out more at go.amex/amexsgtablefortwo.

The American Express Global Lounge Collection®
With The American Express Global Lounge Collection, we give you plenty, including access to more than 1,550 lounges across 500 airports around the world.

Whether you’re looking for a place to rest and recharge or somewhere to catch up on work, enjoy our growing network of lounges across 140 countries and counting, including locations through The Centurion® Network which includes Centurion Lounges and Escape Lounges — The Centurion Studio Partner.
Platinum Private Spaces
Across 2026, look forward to new Platinum private spaces designed to elevate your lifestyle experiences. Step into member-only spaces created for comfort, connection, and memorable experiences:

Enjoy complimentary access to Tower Club Singapore, including its members-only fitness center and a selection of dining venues – an exclusive space to unwind, recharge, and connect in the heart of the city.

Stay connected and be the first to discover what’s new through the Amex Experiences App – your gateway to exclusive concepts and updates as they launch. Because with more to explore, there’s always something to look forward to.
Complimentary One Night Stay
Begin your Platinum journey with a welcome escape and celebrate each year of continued membership with a complimentary night at a curated selection of premium hotels — locally or abroad. Every stay is designed as a moment of appreciation, inviting you to indulge in exceptional hospitality and create lasting memories.

Explore the full list of participating properties at go.amex/platstay.

All Benefits

Platinum Travel
Platinum Dining
Platinum Access
Membership Rewards
Platinum Service
More points with Member Invites

Every calendar year, you’ll receive 3 Member Invites to invite your friends to The Platinum Card – unlocking the highest available offer for them if they are new to American Express, while you are rewarded with 210,000 Membership Rewards points (equivalent to 105,000 KrisFlyer miles).

T&Cs apply. Find out more here.

What is a Charge Card?

Charge Cards allow you to manage your cash flow effectively, increase your spending power and enjoy more financial flexibility.

Charge Cards are different from Credit Cards in that they require you to pay the full amount you’ve charged to the Card each month. By doing so, you can avoid interest charges, manage your spending and stay on track of your finances.

Eligibility & Important Information

To apply online for The Platinum Card, it's important that:
✔ You're over 21 years of age. Supplementary Card applicants should be over 18 years of age. 
✔ Card application is subjected to customers meeting the regulatory minimum income requirement and internal assessment. 
Documents required for Card application.
Welcome Offer Terms and Conditions.
Card Member Agreement and Benefits Terms and Conditions.
Paper Statement Fee Terms and Conditions.

Ready to Apply?

Receive up to 200,000 bonus Membership Rewards points, equivalent to 100,000 KrisFlyer miles – 100,000 bonus Membership Rewards points with annual fee payment and min. spending of S$15,000 within first 6 months of Card approval, plus 100,000 bonus Membership Rewards points on your first spend in the 15th month of Card Membership if you are new to American Express.

Valid until 31 January 2027. T&Cs apply.
Apply Now
Other cards you may be interested in
The American Express® Singapore Airlines KrisFlyer Ascend Credit Card

Receive up to 45,000 bonus KrisFlyer miles – 20,000 bonus KrisFlyer miles with annual fee payment and min. spending of S$8,000 within first 6 months of Card approval, plus 20,000 bonus KrisFlyer miles on your first spend in the 15th month of Card Membership if you are new to American Express.

What’s more, for first-time Singapore Airlines Credit Card applicants, receive 5,000 bonus KrisFlyer miles for the very first charge on your Card.

Valid until 31 January 2027. T&Cs apply.

Annual fee S$397.85 (incl. of 9% GST).

Learn More
The American Express® Singapore Airlines Business Credit Card

Receive 22,000 bonus HighFlyer points with annual fee payment and min. spending of S$1,000 within first 2 months of Card approval.

Valid until 31 January 2027. T&Cs apply.

Annual fee S$400.00 (incl. of 9% GST).

Learn More
The American Express® Platinum Credit Card

Receive 40,000 bonus Membership Rewards points with annual fee payment and min. spending of S$4,000 within first 3 months of Card approval if you are new to American Express.

Valid until 31 January 2027. T&Cs apply.

Annual fee S$327 (incl. of 9% GST).

Learn More
GET AN AMERICAN EXPRESS CARD
Personal Cards
Corporate Cards
Credit Cards
Apply for a Supplementary Card
Refer a Friend. Earn Rewards
MORE PRODUCTS & SERVICES
Insurance
Membership Rewards Programme
Ways to Pay
Download the App
Pay Small
IMPORTANT LINKS
Card Security
Lost or Stolen Card
Activate Your Card
Frequently Asked Questions
Overseas Magnetic Stripe Usage
Payment Methods
COMPANY INFORMATION
About American Express
Careers
Contact Us
Site Map
SingaporeChange Country
Terms and ConditionsTrademarksPrivacy CentrePrivacy Statement

Copyright © 2026 American Express Company. Users of this site agree to be bound by American Express Web Site Rules and Regulations. American Express International Inc.(UEN S68FC1878J), Incorporated with limited liability in the state of Delaware, USA with a place of business at 1 Marina Boulevard, #22-00, One Marina Boulevard, Singapore 018989.