SOURCE: https://www.americanexpress.com/en-sg/benefits/the-platinum-card/dining/
FETCHED: 2026-08-10

Skip to content
My Account
Cards
Travel
Insurance
Rewards
Business
Search Button
Search
Contact Us
Log In
Home
Cards
The Platinum Card
Benefits
Dining
The Platinum Card
®
Travel
Dining
Access
Insurance & Protection
Membership Rewards
Live in Every Flavour

 

Discover chic restaurants with exclusive, chef-curated menus, trendy cafés for café-hopping days, and beloved hotel buffets for indulgent spreads. 

 

Table for Two

 

Every alternate month, enjoy a complimentary dining experience, up to six for you and yours across the year. 

 

Discover chic restaurants with exclusive, chef-curated menus, trendy cafés for café-hopping days, and beloved hotel buffets for indulgent spreads. Reserve and redeem this benefit through the Amex Experiences App. 

 

Find out more 
(opens new window)
Global Dining Credit

 

Indulge in a world of culinary excellence with S$200 Global Dining Credit, available for use from the moment you enrol in March 2026. 

 

Enjoy the flexibility to redeem the full credit at your convenience during this period and savor unforgettable dining experiences at renowned establishments across 10 countries, including Japan, Hong Kong, Australia, and the UK. Enrolment required. Valid till 31 December 2026. 

Explore restaurants 
(opens new window)
Love Dining

 

Save up to half the food bill with Love Dining at premium dining locations curated by American Express

 

With your exclusive Love Dining access, everyday dining is an indulgent affair. Enjoy unlimited access to sumptuous savings of up to 50% off at some of the most distinguished hotels and restaurants in the city.

 

*Half the food bill applies to 2 persons dining only. Discounts are based on the number of diners. Blackout dates and terms and conditions apply.

Find out more 
(opens new window)
Chillax By Platinum

 

Enjoy a complimentary drink on us at some of the most contemporary bars in Singapore, from bespoke cocktails to fine whisky.

 

There's nothing quite like escaping to your favourite bar at the end of another workday or the weekends. Find a getaway at some of the most tantalising bespoke bars in the city with The Platinum Card®

Find out more 
(opens new window)
Terms & Conditions

Terms and Conditions apply to all above-mentioned benefits and offers.

 

For full terms and conditions, click here. Information is accurate as of 1 Jan 2026.

Don't have a Platinum Card yet?

 

The best stories in life are written in the little moments.

Sign up now and start capturing meaningful moments with your Platinum privileges.

Learn More 
(opens new window)
GET AN AMERICAN EXPRESS CARD
Personal Cards
Corporate Cards
Credit Cards
Apply for a Supplementary Card
Refer a Friend. Earn Rewards
MORE PRODUCTS & SERVICES
Insurance
Membership Rewards Programme
Ways to Pay
Download the App
Pay Small
IMPORTANT LINKS
Card Security
Lost or Stolen Card
Activate Your Card
Frequently Asked Questions
Overseas Magnetic Stripe Usage
Payment Methods
COMPANY INFORMATION
About American Express
Careers
Contact Us
Site Map
SingaporeChange Country
Terms and ConditionsTrademarksPrivacy CentrePrivacy Statement

Copyright © 2026 American Express Company. Users of this site agree to be bound by American Express Web Site Rules and Regulations. American Express International Inc.(UEN S68FC1878J), Incorporated with limited liability in the state of Delaware, USA with a place of business at 1 Marina Boulevard, #22-00, One Marina Boulevard, Singapore 018989.