SOURCE: https://www.americanexpress.com/en-sg/benefits/the-platinum-card/
FETCHED: 2026-08-10

Skip to content
My Account
Cards
Travel
Insurance
Rewards
Business
Search Button
Search
Contact Us
Log In
Home
Cards
The Platinum Card
Benefits
Home
The Platinum Card
®
Travel
Dining
Access
Insurance & Protection
Membership Rewards
Seek the Difference with Platinum

 

Seek out the unusual, unlock the hidden. Platinum brings you access to a world full of unrivalled travel experiences, exclusive benefits and invitations, and a rewards programme that flexes to your lifestyle. Discover how to get the most out of your Platinum membership.

Sign Up 
(opens new window)

Your 2026 Platinum Highlights

 Stay connected to your world of Platinum privileges through the Amex Experiences App.

Download Now 
(opens new window)

Table for Two by Platinum

Once every two months, Platinum treats you to a complimentary dining experience for two at a curated selection of exceptional restaurants. Indulge in fresh, chef-crafted menus and exquisite ambience that make every occasion special.

Platinum Private Spaces

Throughout 2026, discover Private Platinum Spaces - exclusive environments crafted for comfort, connection and unforgettable moments. Stay updated via your Amex Experiences App.

Platinum Wine Credit

Unlock a selection of accessible, high-quality wines available exclusively on the Platinum Wine Website, powered by Vivino. Get back up to S$400 per calendar year, S$200 per 6-month redemption period with a minimum spend of S$300.

Platinum Service 

 

Life is easier with your Platinum Card. Explore the features designed to make using your Card quick and convenient.

The Platinum Concierge ​

Let our 24/7 Platinum Concierge arrange incredible dining experiences for you. Contact us at 1800 392 1177. ​From securing restaurants' reservations to helping you plan an unforgettable round-the-world trip, our dedicated team is ready to assist you with all your needs​.

Supplementary Platinum Cards​​

You can apply for 2 Supplementary Platinum Cards, at no extra fee.​ All Membership Rewards® points earned on these Cards are credited to your Account, so you can watch your points balance grow.​

Spending Limit

For annual incomes above S$120,000, your Platinum Card does not have a pre-set spending limit. For annual incomes below S$120,000, there is a spending limit of up to 4 times your monthly income. You will be required to pay the amount you have charged to the Card, in full, each month.​

Your Platinum Card brings you a world of benefits across categories you love

Multi-Card Carousel
Travel

Enjoy complimentary access to the Global Lounge Collection and receive exclusive airfares and travel privileges. Fast-track to elite tiers of hotels’ loyalty programmes.

Dining

Discover chic restaurants with exclusive, chef-curated menus, trendy cafés for café-hopping days, and beloved hotel buffets for indulgent spreads.

Access

Step into an elevated lifestyle with access to exclusive experiences and spaces with your Platinum Card.

Rewards & Offers​

Enjoy our great rewards programme where every dollar you spent brings you closer to the rewards you desire. Your Membership Rewards points don’t expire!​

Insurance & Protection

Enjoy peace of mind insurance across travel, purchase and refund protection with Platinum.​

Quick Links

Online Benefits Manager

Log in to enrol, check your benefit status or view your membership numbers​.

American Express Travel Online

Book travel across air, hotel, car & tour.

Lounge Finder

Find lounges you can access on the go​.

Amex Experiences App

Discover exclusive events and explore Platinum benefits​.

Refer a Friend

Invite a friend and earn Membership Rewards® points when their Card is approved​.

Card Terms & Conditions

Visit go.amex/platinumterms to stay updated on your Product Highlight Sheet and Card Member Agreement​.

Don't have a Platinum Card yet?

 

The best stories in life are written in the little moments.

Sign up now and start capturing meaningful moments with your Platinum privileges.

Learn More 
(opens new window)
GET AN AMERICAN EXPRESS CARD
Personal Cards
Corporate Cards
Credit Cards
Apply for a Supplementary Card
Refer a Friend. Earn Rewards
MORE PRODUCTS & SERVICES
Insurance
Membership Rewards Programme
Ways to Pay
Download the App
Pay Small
IMPORTANT LINKS
Card Security
Lost or Stolen Card
Activate Your Card
Frequently Asked Questions
Overseas Magnetic Stripe Usage
Payment Methods
COMPANY INFORMATION
About American Express
Careers
Contact Us
Site Map
SingaporeChange Country
Terms and ConditionsTrademarksPrivacy CentrePrivacy Statement

Copyright © 2026 American Express Company. Users of this site agree to be bound by American Express Web Site Rules and Regulations. American Express International Inc.(UEN S68FC1878J), Incorporated with limited liability in the state of Delaware, USA with a place of business at 1 Marina Boulevard, #22-00, One Marina Boulevard, Singapore 018989.