SOURCE: https://www.americanexpress.com/en-sg/benefits/the-platinum-card/insurance-and-protection/
FETCHED: 2026-08-10

Skip to content
My Account
Cards
Travel
Insurance
Rewards
Business
Search Button
Search
Contact Us
Log In
Home
Cards
The Platinum Card
Benefits
Insurance & Protection​
The Platinum Card
®
Travel
Dining
Access
Insurance & Protection
Membership Rewards
Platinum Insurance & Protection

 

Have peace of mind with a range of insurance benefits including complimentary Travel Insurance to protect you and your loved ones, Purchase Protection and more.​

Platinum Travel Insurance

 

Your Platinum Membership includes comprehensive worldwide travel insurance for you, your immediate family, your Supplementary Members and their immediate family, for travel booked with your Platinum Card.

Find out more 
(opens new window)
Purchase Protection​

 

If items purchased on your Platinum Card are stolen or damaged within 90 days of purchase, we will replace or repair any item up to S$10,000.

Find out more 
(opens new window)
Return Guarantee​

 

Up to S$1,000 per item if a retailer in your country of residence will not take back an eligible item purchased on your Platinum Card within 90 days of purchase.

Find out more 
(opens new window)
Extended Warranty Protection​

 

Up to S$10,000 for appliances purchased on your Platinum Card which fail to operate due to unforeseen electrical or mechanical problems within the extended warranty period.

Find out more 
(opens new window)
Fraud Protection Guarantee​

 

Shop confidently whenever you use your Platinum Card, with our advanced security systems. From Account monitoring to online safety protection and fraud alerts, we make sure you’re in safe hands.​

Find out more 
(opens new window)
Terms & Conditions

Terms and Conditions apply to all above-mentioned benefits and offers. Please click on the respective pages to find out more details and full Terms and Conditions.​

Don't have a Platinum Card yet?

 

The best stories in life are written in the little moments.

Sign up now and start capturing meaningful moments with your Platinum privileges.

Learn More 
(opens new window)
GET AN AMERICAN EXPRESS CARD
Personal Cards
Corporate Cards
Credit Cards
Apply for a Supplementary Card
Refer a Friend. Earn Rewards
MORE PRODUCTS & SERVICES
Insurance
Membership Rewards Programme
Ways to Pay
Download the App
Pay Small
IMPORTANT LINKS
Card Security
Lost or Stolen Card
Activate Your Card
Frequently Asked Questions
Overseas Magnetic Stripe Usage
Payment Methods
COMPANY INFORMATION
About American Express
Careers
Contact Us
Site Map
SingaporeChange Country
Terms and ConditionsTrademarksPrivacy CentrePrivacy Statement

Copyright © 2026 American Express Company. Users of this site agree to be bound by American Express Web Site Rules and Regulations. American Express International Inc.(UEN S68FC1878J), Incorporated with limited liability in the state of Delaware, USA with a place of business at 1 Marina Boulevard, #22-00, One Marina Boulevard, Singapore 018989.