SOURCE: https://www.americanexpress.com/en-sg/benefits/the-platinum-card/rewards-and-offers/
FETCHED: 2026-08-10

Skip to content
My Account
Cards
Travel
Insurance
Rewards
Business
Search Button
Search
Contact Us
Log In
Home
Cards
The Platinum Card
Benefits
Membership Rewards
The Platinum Card
®
Travel
Dining
Access
Insurance & Protection
Membership Rewards
Live in Every Possibility

 

Experience the exclusive American Express® loyalty program; Membership Rewards® with an assortment of ways to earn and redeem points. Discover exclusive offers along with your suite of benefits.

Membership Rewards®

 

 

Earn Points
Redeem Points
Base Earn 

​

Membership Rewards points are our way of saying ‘thank you’ every time you spend on your Card and your points don't expire. Earn 2 Membership Rewards points with every S$1.60 spent. 

 

Exclusions apply.

View T&Cs 
(opens new window)
More points with Member Invites
 

Unlock the highest available offer for your friends with your 3 Member Invites and earn more points. T&Cs apply.

Invite Today 
(opens new window)
10Xcelerator by Membership Rewards®

 

Indulge to your heart's content and delight in irresistible rewards where you get to earn a total of 10 Membership Rewards points with every full S$1.60 eligible spend with The Platinum Card at Platinum 10Xcelerator Partners in Singapore.

 

Earn up to an additional 10 bonus Membership Rewards points for every S$1.60 spent for the first S$16,000 cumulative spend at participating Platinum 10Xcelerator Partners when you enroll at go.amex/bonusmrenrolment-plat between 1 January 2026 to 31 December 2026 (both dates inclusive). Annual enrolment is required. Terms and Conditions apply.

 

Spending in excess of S$16,000 will continue to bring you a total of 10 Membership Rewards points for every full S$1.60 spent. 

Find out more 
(opens new window)
Bonus Membership Rewards points on Foreign Currency
 
Enjoy up to 7 Membership Rewards points for every S$1.60 spent (equivalent to 2.19 miles per S$1 spent) for your first S$15,000 spend in equivalent foreign currency (any currency other than
Singapore dollars) from 23 February 2026 to 22 February 2027.

 
Enrolment is required at go.amex/bonusmrfx-plat.

Terms and Conditions 
(opens new window)
Singapore Airlines or Scoot Bonus Membership Rewards​
 
Earn 5 Membership Rewards points for every full S$1.60 spent with Singapore Airlines and/or Scoot directly.
 
Eligible purchases exclude purchases made at KrisShop, onboard Singapore Airlines and Scoot flights and directly online at KrisShop.com. Membership Rewards Terms and Conditions apply.

Find out more 
(opens new window)
Offers

Amex Card Promotions

 

Discover an array of curated benefits and privileges for your indulgence and inspiration. Stay updated on the latest Card Member Promotions with exciting rewards from dining to travel and shopping.

Find out more 
(opens new window)
Terms and Conditions

Terms and Conditions apply to all above-mentioned benefits and offers. Please click on the respective pages to find out more details and full Terms and Conditions.​

Don't have a Platinum Card yet?

 

The best stories in life are written in the little moments.

Sign up now and start capturing meaningful moments with your Platinum privileges.

Learn More 
(opens new window)
GET AN AMERICAN EXPRESS CARD
Personal Cards
Corporate Cards
Credit Cards
Apply for a Supplementary Card
Refer a Friend. Earn Rewards
MORE PRODUCTS & SERVICES
Insurance
Membership Rewards Programme
Ways to Pay
Download the App
Pay Small
IMPORTANT LINKS
Card Security
Lost or Stolen Card
Activate Your Card
Frequently Asked Questions
Overseas Magnetic Stripe Usage
Payment Methods
COMPANY INFORMATION
About American Express
Careers
Contact Us
Site Map
SingaporeChange Country
Terms and ConditionsTrademarksPrivacy CentrePrivacy Statement

Copyright © 2026 American Express Company. Users of this site agree to be bound by American Express Web Site Rules and Regulations. American Express International Inc.(UEN S68FC1878J), Incorporated with limited liability in the state of Delaware, USA with a place of business at 1 Marina Boulevard, #22-00, One Marina Boulevard, Singapore 018989.