SOURCE: https://www.americanexpress.com/en-sg/benefits/the-platinum-card/travel/
FETCHED: 2026-08-10

Skip to content
My Account
Cards
Travel
Insurance
Rewards
Business
Search Button
Search
Contact Us
Log In
Home
Cards
The Platinum Card
Benefits
Travel
The Platinum Card
®
Travel
Dining
Access
Insurance & Protection
Membership Rewards
Live in Every Adventure

 

Go off the beaten path at your own pace with up to S$200 Airline Credits and late check-outs, and enjoy peace of mind with comprehensive travel insurance as a Platinum Card Member.

Air
More details
Guest access policies may vary internationally by location and are subject to change.
Priority Pass enrolment is required. To enrol, please call us at 1800 392 1177 (Card Services). Access for each Platinum Card account will include unlimited access for the Basic Card Member with one guest per visit, and up to 4 complimentary visits for one registered Supplementary Card Member with one guest per visit each calendar year.
The Global Lounge Collection

 

Access to 1,550+ airport lounges in over 500 airports around the world. 

 

Our network includes:

The Centurion® Lounge
International American Express Lounges
Delta SkyClub® Lounges
Plaza Premium Airport Lounges
Priority Pass™  Lounges

 

From 8 July 2026 onwards, there will be some changes to your complimentary guest access to The Centurion Lounges in U.S., London (LHR), Tokyo (HND), Hong Kong (HKG), Sydney (SYD) and Melbourne (MEL):

Complimentary guest access will change from two (2) accompanying guests to one (1) accompanying guest per Platinum Member. 
Guest must hold a confirmed reservation on the same flight as the Platinum
Member.
Access to the lounge during layovers must be within five (5) hours of your
connecting flight. Same-day round trip itineraries are not considered connecting flights. 
International Airline Program
 
Exclusive savings with participating airlines when you book through American Express Travel.
More details

For solo travel or up to 8 tickets, enjoy more choice with exclusive savings in a variety of premium cabins which you can book through American Express Travel Online.

 

Available to Basic and Supplementary Card Members.

 

Airline Partners

Singapore Airlines
Qatar Airways
Etihad Airways
Emirates
Airline Credit

 

From 1 January 2026 to 31 December 2026, receive up to S$200 statement credits per calendar year, S$100 every 6-month Redemption Period with minimum spend of S$300 in a single transaction.

More details
Hotels​

Fine Hotels + Resorts

 

Enjoy competitive rates and complimentary benefits of an average total value of S$800* at over 1,600 extraordinary properties worldwide.

More details

With every stay, you can look forward to:

12 PM check-in, when available
Room upgrade, when available*
Daily breakfast for two
US$100 credit^
Complimentary Wi-Fi
Guaranteed 4 PM late check-out

 

*Certain room categories are not eligible for upgrade.

^Credit varies by property. 

The Hotel Collection

 

Elevate your getaways with stays at curated upscale hotels and enjoy signature perks at over 1,000 properties worldwide.

 

More details

Enjoy exceptional value when you book through American Express Travel Online.

 

 

Book a minimum of two-night stay and enjoy the following:

Room upgrade, when available*
US$100 credit^
12pm check-in, when available
Late check-out, when available

 

*Certain room categories are not eligible for upgrade.

^Credit varies by property.

Hotel Elite Tier Status​

Radisson Rewards Premium Status​

 

Jump straight to Radisson Rewards Premium status and enjoy a host of benefits including, early check-in and late check-out, earn 27 points per dollar spent, and a member’s only rate of up to 15%. 

More details

Visit www.radissonhotels.com/en-us/rewards or contact Radisson to find out more about how to access your benefits globally. Enrolment in the Radisson Rewards program is required for membership to be upgraded.

Pan Pacific DISCOVERY Platinum Status​

 

From now till 31 Dec 2026, enrol for the Pan Pacific DISCOVERY Platinum status, without the usual prerequisite of ten (10) qualifying nights or stay at two (2) of their brands or spend US$5,000 in a calendar year.

More details

Submit your request via the Amex Experiences App. Upon successful validation within two (2) weeks, you will receive an email invite to complete the upgrade to the Pan Pacific DISCOVERY Platinum status.

Marriott Bonvoy™ Gold Elite Status​​

 

Enrol in the complimentary Marriott Bonvoy™ Gold Elite status, without the regular status requirement. Gain access to benefits like complimentary room upgrade at check-in, if available and 25% bonus over base-level members. 

More details

Enrolment into Marriott Bonvoy™ Guest program is required to receive benefits. Benefits are subject to change and availability and may vary by property. Marriott Bonvoy™ Gold Elite level amenities may not be combined with the Fine Hotel + Resorts program.

Hilton Honors Gold Status
 

 

Receive complimentary Hilton Honors Gold Status and enjoy exclusive benefits at any of Hilton’s 6,600+ properties worldwide, like space-available room upgrades and an 80% Bonus on all base Points earned, getting you to free nights faster.​

More details

Please note that a Hilton Honors Membership Number is required before you are able to enrol in this benefit. Your full name and email address must match on both your American Express account and Hilton Honors account. 

Car
Hertz Gold Plus Rewards® Five Star​

 

Enjoy complimentary enrolment into Hertz Gold Plus Rewards Five Star and receive additional Platinum benefits such as discounts, upgrades, and priority service when renting with Hertz. ​

More details
Terms and Conditions

Terms and Conditions apply to all above-mentioned benefits and offers.

 

For full terms and conditions, click here. Information is accurate as of 1 Jan 2026.

Don't have a Platinum Card yet?

 

The best stories in life are written in the little moments.

Sign up now and start capturing meaningful moments with your Platinum privileges.

Learn More 
(opens new window)
GET AN AMERICAN EXPRESS CARD
Personal Cards
Corporate Cards
Credit Cards
Apply for a Supplementary Card
Refer a Friend. Earn Rewards
MORE PRODUCTS & SERVICES
Insurance
Membership Rewards Programme
Ways to Pay
Download the App
Pay Small
IMPORTANT LINKS
Card Security
Lost or Stolen Card
Activate Your Card
Frequently Asked Questions
Overseas Magnetic Stripe Usage
Payment Methods
COMPANY INFORMATION
About American Express
Careers
Contact Us
Site Map
SingaporeChange Country
Terms and ConditionsTrademarksPrivacy CentrePrivacy Statement

Copyright © 2026 American Express Company. Users of this site agree to be bound by American Express Web Site Rules and Regulations. American Express International Inc.(UEN S68FC1878J), Incorporated with limited liability in the state of Delaware, USA with a place of business at 1 Marina Boulevard, #22-00, One Marina Boulevard, Singapore 018989.